mother guys so it's jazz and welcome
back to my channel so today is Tuesday
so jazz and what I'm going to be doing
is my bubble QA so i posted my bubble
intro video a couple of days ago so i'm
going to do is I'm going to answer the
questions that you guys have asked and
hopefully everything will be awesome so
let's get started so my first one is by
Alicia aamir I and she asked how old are
you so I am 19 years old am I badly as
an equal so just turned 19 so I hope
that answers that one the next one is by
Jess chillin about hi des and just asked
two questions so the first one is what's
your favorite part about summer so my
favorite part about summer is probably
spending time with my family and kind of
going out and traveling and seeing
everything so when the summer comes
around last the time when we go on
holidays and spend time together
traveling around and kind of just doing
family stuff really so I think that my
favorite part about summer is just
spending pair of my family and the
second one she ask is who was the first
person that knew about your YouTube
channel so my sister was actually the
one that showed me the people that she
actually watches and who she subscribed
to and so my sister was one actually got
me into YouTube and so when my youtube
channel started she was definitely the
first person to mow the next one is by
VV liberty' hope I said that right and
she asked what kind of other bands do
you use so i think thats related to my
Lou my tutorials so my first Earth bands
i use are from the works which is a shop
in the UK so if you live in the UK um
you can get them from there they're not
very stretchy so the second one I got
off ebay which was 600 for 99p so sick
telling fans we've got that six bags and
they're really really good really
stretchy so that's another one I think
that
japan so quite a long way away and then
my third one is i just got a rainbow
loom so they come in like a little
packet with all the bands in so now I've
just got some from rainbow loom results
oh my really early videos they'll be in
the works my newer videos will have the
loom bands from ebay and then my videos
i'm about to post with my rainbow loom
will have the rainbow loom loom bands in
doing so many reasons but yeah so that's
kind of what fans i use ready so i hope
that helps the next one is from wonder
girl and she asked is your hair
naturally curly or do color yourself um
this is all natural yeah my hair can you
just does its thing um I don't curl my
hair I really try not to straighten um
this is it yeah so my hair is just
actually Kelly it's just yeah it does
its thing it's a bit weird book all
natural the next one is from Schwimmer
gaming 22 and they asked do you have any
pets Amy I don't have any pets I used to
have a hamster when I was about eight
but she died and then we didn't really
have a heart to get another one really i
think i'd love to have a fish I think of
fish we like to be amazing so I think a
fish would be like my ideal pet no I
haven't got any yet so I'm fingers
crossed one day I'll get fish the next
one is from sara jay fine he asked if
you had to eat or drink one thing for
the rest of your life what would it
that's so difficult my favorite sweet
food is flapjacks only homemade
flapjacks I don't really like those
shop-bought once everyone and then my
favorite fruit is great so probably
grapes if I do one thing for us my life
would be great and then buy the drinks
something we green tea green tea so yeah
those two things if I the eat something
it'll be great and drink something green
tea and the last one is from me the
bells and she asks what is your favorite
video the U of uploaded state it's such
a good question i think it might have to
be my blogs of my sister's birthday
weekend peploe go two blocks at my
sister's weekend and it was just amazing
I was a little more confident with this
blog inning I'm really really nervous in
the theater when I was blocking because
there were so many people just like
watching me in a cell like hi but um
everybody was so supportive there and it
was just really really nice and my
sister had no idea about this birthday
weekend and i love that i could just
share that experience with you guys so
to date I think that my favorite video
has to be the blogs from 11 up to London
okay guys that was my bubble Q&A answer
video so really hope you guys enjoyed it
thank you so much to everybody who
commented and really hope I answered all
of your questions so if you have any
more questions just leave a comment down
below and I'll be making another bubble
Q&A video soon so thanks for watching
guys if you liked this video give it a
big thumbs up subscribe and leave me a
comment if you would like to ask
anything all right guys are we see you
in my next video bye